# agile-git


##### Reading
[What happens when you press play?](http://highscalability.com/blog/2017/12/11/netflix-what-happens-when-you-press-play.html)

This is a long article, but a very interesting one since it talks about the architecture of Netflix and how they creatively tackled problems along the way. One of my favorite solutions out of many in their architecture is the way they tackled video networking. Instead of supplying the videos from datacenters to users, they have a specialized Content Delivery Network based on OCA's (Open-Connect-Appliances, native to Netflix) in partnership with Internet Service Providers (ISPs) and Internet Exchange Locations (IXPs). Since Netflix amounts to 37% of the internet traffic within the United States, Netflix’s OCAs are provided to ISPs and placed at or near IXP's. This benefits both Netflix, and IXP's and ISP's because it takes away the cost for IXP's and ISP's of fetching videos from Netflix's OSAs (reducing traffic flow) and provides Netflix to create a more seamless experience for the users. This solution is absolutely genius and unconventional, but only possible because of Netflix's huge share in the internet traffic.

esponse from Mir Ahmed (ma3599)
This is indeed a long article yet an interesting read. Here are some technologies Netflix uses that are worth mentioning. Being an online streaming service, the videos are the most important part of the data and getting them in a faster way to a user regardless of his/her location is very important for Netflix. As mentioned in the article, Netflix operates out of three AWS regions: North Virginia, Oregon and Dublin. Netflix uses DynamoDB and Cassandra as their database that is distributed across all three regions. Moreover, data is replicated everywhere so that failover on a specific region can fallback to another region without the user even noticing it. Moreover, Netflix has its own dedicated cdn spread around the world. The commodity servers in are called OCA (Open Connected Appliances) which are responsible for storing videos that are more likely to be watched from people around that region. Netflix¿s robust machine learning system knows the appropriate videos to store in OCAs.
